PREVIOUSLY ON "REVENGE"...
DADDY!
(Emily) WHEN I WAS A CHILD,
MY FATHER WAS FRAMED
FOR A CRIME HE DIDN'T COMMIT.
AMANDA!
(crying) DADDY!
BEFORE HE DIED...
WHO ARE YOU?
NOLAN ROSS.
FRIEND OF YOUR FATHER'S.
HE WANTED YOU
TO HAVE SOMETHING.
HE LEFT A ROAD MAP FOR REVENGE
THAT LED ME TO THE PEOPLE
WHO DESTROYED OUR LIVES.
AND THAT IS QUEEN VICTORIA.
THAT'S VICTORIA'S
PRIVILEGED SPAWN.
I'M DANIEL.
EMILY.
JACK PORTER'S
STILL CARRYING A TORCH
FOR LITTLE AMANDA CLARKE.
(barks)
SOMETIMES,
THE INNOCENT GET HURT.
SAMMY!
AMANDA CLARKE NO LONGER EXISTS.
BUT ONE BY ONE,
THE GUILTY WILL PAY.
YOU COULD'VE HAD ANYONE,
AND YOU KNEW
SHE WAS MY CLOSEST FRIEND.
LYDIA HAS ASKED ME TO ANNOUNCE
THAT THIS WILL BE HER
FINAL WEEKEND IN THE HAMPTONS.
NOTHING EVER GOES
EXACTLY AS YOU EXPECT.
(Ashley)
IT'S YOUR ENGAGEMENT PARTY.
AND MISTAKES
ARE LIFE AND DEATH.
MOM!
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
IS INESCAPABLE.
(Victoria) DANIEL!
(hooves pounding)
(Victoria) GO, DANIEL!
DANIEL, YOU HAVE IT.
YOU'RE ALMOST THERE.
(man speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
(Victoria) WHOO!
(Conrad) GO, DANIEL!
GO, DANIEL!
YOU GOT IT, DANIEL!
COME ON, DANIEL!
(indistinct shouting)
GO, GO, GO!
GO, DANIEL!
GO, DANIEL! GO, DANIEL!
GO, DANIEL! YOU HAVE IT!
YOU'RE ALMOST THERE!
TAKE IT HOME!
AND HE MISSED IT.
AH!
OH.
...FOR HAMPTON BAY.
THAT'S GOTTA HURT.
(man speaking indistinctly)
(Ashley) EMILY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
OVER HERE?
THIS AREA IS STRICTLY
FOR THE COMMONERS.
I LIKE THE VIEW.
MM. SO I SEE.
DON'T THINK I DIDN'T SPOT YOU
FLIRTING WITH DANIEL GRAYSON
AT THE YACHT PARTY
LAST WEEK.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
HE'S CHARMING.
HE'S DANGEROUS.
MM.
COME ON.
NOW I ASSUME
YOU HAVE BEEN STUDYING
THE HAMPTONS GROUP
ON MY Facebook PAGE.
WHY, IS THERE GONNA BE
A TEST?
EVERY BLOODY DAY.
WELCOME TO THE V.I.P. TENT.
FOR YOU.
(instrumental
jazz music playing)
SO TELL ME,
WHO IS HERE?
UH...
OH, COME ON. NO ONE?
MM. YOU MUST REMEMBER HIM.
NOLAN ROSS--
FROM THE MEMORIAL DAY PARTY.
PERENNIAL IN THE ASS?
(laughs) GOLD STAR.
AND THAT CHARMER
CHATTING HIM UP
IS BILL HARMON,
HEAD OF WALL STREET'S
MOST PROFITABLE HEDGE FUND.
YOU'D HAVE TO HAVE
NOLAN'S KIND OF MONEY
FOR HIM TO EVEN
LOOK AT YOU.
AH, AND OF COURSE,
SITUATED COMFORTABLY
IN THE ROYALTY SECTION,
WE HAVE
CONRAD GRAYSON
AND...
HER MAJESTY.
CLASS DISMISSED.
I NEED TO DO
A LITTLE NETWORKING.
YOU'LL BE OKAY, RIGHT?
YEAH, OF COURSE. YEAH. GO.
(indistinct conversations)
(man speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
(Amanda) UNCLE BILL!
UNCLE BILL!
HELLO, BIRTHDAY GIRL.
DAD, UNCLE BILL'S HERE.
LOOK WHAT I HAVE HERE.
(laughs)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
OH! WHAT'S HIS NAME?
UH, THAT IS UP TO YOU.
WHAT'S HE LOOK LIKE?
LIKE A SAMMY.
SAMMY. OKAY. (laughs)
WELL, THEN SAMMY IT IS.
THANKS, DADDY.
DAVID, I GOTTA TALK
TO YOU.
(Sammy whines)
YEAH, WHAT IS IT?
IT'S ABOUT GRAYSON.
(indistinct conversations)
WELL, IT'S SO NICE
TO SEE YOU.
NICE TO SEE YOU.
(laughs)
YOU'RE ALMOST
AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOUR MOTHER.
(indistinct conversations)
♪♪♪
DECLAN.
LITTLE HELP, PLEASE.
THE TABLES
AREN'T GONNA BUS THEMSELVES.
I'M ON BREAK.
YEAH, BREAK'S OVER.
LET'S KEEP THE TABLES TURNING.
YOU SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT
OF THAT
BEFORE YOU FIRED
HALF THE STAFF LAST WEEK.
(telephone rings)
DON'T BE A SMART-ASS.
STOWAWAY. CARL SPEAKING.
♪♪♪
YEAH, I GOT THE NOTICE.
NO, DON'T BOTHER.
I KNOW WHAT I GOTTA DO.
(cell phone beeps)
CLOSE UP AFTER LUNCH
AND TAKE INVENTORY
ON EVERYTHING WE GOT.
(Jack) WHAT'S GOING ON, DAD?
DAD?
WHAT'S, UH, HIS PROBLEM?
♪♪♪
WE'RE CLOSING UP EARLY.
OH, SWEET.
(sighs) NO, DECLAN.
♪♪♪
NOT SWEET.
YO. THAT MEAN
I COULD BORROW THE BOAT?
♪♪♪
(indistinct conversations)
(cell phone chimes)
(man speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
WHOSE BOAT, CHARLOTTE?
A FRIEND'S.
I THOUGHT WE HAD
ALL THE SAME FRIENDS.
YEAH, WELL,
I'M SICK OF THE SAME.
I WANT DIFFERENT.
I CAN DO DIFFERENT.
LOVE DIFFERENT.
(cheers and applause)
COME ON, DANIEL!
STAY ON HIM!
(Victoria) GO, DANIEL!
(man speaking indistinctly)
THAT'S IT, DANIEL! GO!
THAT'S IT! YOU'RE ON HIM!
YOU'RE ON HIM, DANIEL! GO!
(Victoria shouts indistinctly)
(man speaks indistinctly)
AH!
ANOTHER GOAL FOR HARRIS.
(Bill) YOUR BOY'S NOT LOOKING
TOO GOOD OUT THERE TODAY,
GRAYSON.
MM. IT'S NOT EVEN HALFTIME.
THERE'S STILL
PLENTY OF GAME LEFT.
CARE TO BACK THAT UP
WITH A WAGER?
(chuckles) I STOPPED
PLAYING GAMES WITH YOU
WHEN I FIRED YOU
18 YEARS AGO.
(laughs) I'D SAY
THAT PARTICULAR GAME
WORKED OUT PRETTY WELL
FOR BOTH OF US.
BUT IF YOU DON'T WANT
TO THROW ANY MORE MONEY AWAY
ON THAT SON OF YOURS,
I CAN UNDERSTAND.
THE ONLY THING YOU SEEM
TO UNDERSTAND, MR. HARMON,
IS HOW TO RUIN
A PERFECTLY GOOD AFTERNOON.
JUST HAVING
A LITTLE FUN, VIC.
TELL YOU WHAT,
I'LL EVEN THE PLAYING FIELD.
PUT YOUR MONEY
WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS ON DANIEL,
AND I'LL TAKE BACK THE 5 POINTS
YOU'RE ALREADY DOWN.
(scoffs and laughs)
I'LL TAKE THAT BET.
HELLO AGAIN,
MR. AND MRS. GRAYSON.
AH, MS. THORNE.
WHAT A PLEASANT SURPRISE.
YOU REMEMBER EMILY.
OF COURSE, YEAH.
THE GIRL NEXT DOOR.
OH, NOT FOR MUCH LONGER,
I'M AFRAID.
I UNDERSTAND THAT
LYDIA AND MICHAEL'S HOUSE
IS IN MULTIPLE OFFERS.
ACTUALLY, ONE OF
THOSE OFFERS IS MINE.
OH.
WELL, WE'RE GONNA KEEP
OUR FINGERS CROSSED FOR YOU.
THANKS,
BUT I WENT IN STRONG.
MY REALTOR IS
EXPECTING GOOD NEWS.
GOTTA LIKE A GIRL
WHO GOES AFTER WHAT SHE WANTS.
BILL HARMON.
EMILY THORNE.
YOU WATCH YOUR MONEY
AROUND THIS ONE, YOUNG LADY.
HE'LL TAKE YOU FOR EVERY PENNY
IF HE CAN.
(chuckles) WELL, I KNOW
A GOOD BET WHEN I SEE ONE.
(air horn blows)
(man) AND THE FIRST HALF
COMES TO A CLOSE.
(cell phone rings)
WE WELCOME EVERYONE
OUT ONTO THE FIELD
FOR THE TRADITIONAL
STOMPING OF THE DIVOTS.
(ring)
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
BOYS AND GIRLS...
(beeps)
AND STOMP THOSE DIVOTS.
I THINK I'M IN THE MOOD
TO STOMP A FEW DIVOTS.
(chuckles)
(man speaking indistinctly)
WHAT'S YOUR HURRY,
PARTY PLANNER?
NOLAN, THERE MUST BE
A HUNDRED WOMEN HERE
WHO WOULD LOVE TO PLAY
YOUR LITTLE GAMES.
I, HOWEVER,
AM NOT ONE OF THEM.
EXCUSE ME.
(indistinct conversations)
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
(beeps)
HELLO.
HEY, IT'S JACK.
LISTEN, I THOUGHT WE HAD
A DEAL ON MY BOAT.
OTHER BUYERS
ARE STARTING TO LINE UP.
AH, THE ART OF THE DEAL.
(inhales deeply)
TELL YOU WHAT,
I'LL HAVE MY BUSINESS MANAGER
WIRE WHATEVER YOU'RE ASKING
INTO YOUR LITTLE BANK,
and then we can do
the title transfer,
AND BLAH, BLAH, BLAH,
WHENEVER IT'S CONVENIENT.
IT'S CONVENIENT TODAY.
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN.
SEE YOU SOON.
(beeps)
MM.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
♪♪♪
YOU KNOW NOLAN ROSS?
YES, WE'VE BEEN CLOSE
FOR A LONG TIME.
(man speaking indistinctly)
A BIT OF AN ODD BIRD,
THAT ONE.
I WOULDN'T GUESS HE HAD
ANY REAL FRIENDS AT ALL,
MUCH LESS ONE AS LOVELY
AS YOU.
NOLAN KNOWS WHEN PEOPLE LOOK
AT HIM, THEY SEE DOLLAR SIGNS,
SO HE'S BUILT UP
A FEW DEFENSE MECHANISMS.
IT'S HARD TO KNOW WHO TO TRUST
WHEN IT COMES TO MONEY.
COULDN'T AGREE MORE.
SO WHO DO YOU TRUST?
WITH MY MONEY?
MYSELF SINCE 2008.
I'VE BEEN SITTING IN CASH
AND SHORT-TERM BONDS
WONDERING WHEN THAT
SECOND SHOE'S GONNA DROP.
MY FUND ACTUALLY MADE MONEY
IN 2008.
REALLY? WELL, WHAT DO YOU HAVE,
A CRYSTAL BALL?
(chuckles)
AND A MAGIC HAT.
(laughs)
BIT OF FREE ADVICE?
THE OTHER SHOE'S
NOT GONNA DROP ANYTIME SOON.
YOU SHOULD CONSIDER
GETTING BACK INTO THE MARKET.
NEVER SAID
I WASN'T CONSIDERING.
WELL, THEN YOU AND I HAVE
A LOT TO DISCUSS.
CALL MY OFFICE.
WE'LL SET A LUNCH
WHEN YOU'RE READY.
LOSER PAYS.
ALWAYS.
(chuckles)
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(man) ANOTHER SHOCKING TURN
IN THE DAVID CLARKE
TREASON TRIAL CAME TODAY
AS FINANCIAL ADVISOR
BILL HARMON TOOK THE STAND
WITH SEARING TESTIMONY
AGAINST HIS LONGTIME FRIEND
AND COLLEAGUE, DAVID CLARKE.
HARMON IS JUST ONE
IN A LONG LINE
OF GRAYSON GLOBAL EMPLOYEES
TO DETAIL CLARKE'S INVOLVEMENT
IN THE DEADLY TERRORIST ATTACK.
(indistinct conversations)
EASY, GIRL.
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH YOU TODAY?
OFF TO A ROUGH START, HUH?
AH.
I WAS HOPING YOU WOULDN'T
BE HERE TO SEE THIS.
SORRY TO DISAPPOINT YOU.
IF IT HELPS, I MADE A BET
THAT YOU'D WIN.
DEFINITELY DOES NOT HELP.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE MAKING IT
VERY DIFFICULT FOR ME
TO IMPRESS YOU.
(chuckles)
I'M ALREADY IMPRESSED.
(indistinct conversations)
BEAUTIFUL PONY.
THOROUGHBRED MIX,
ABOUT 7 YEARS OLD?
YOU'VE SPENT SOME TIME
AROUND HORSES.
YEAH, I WAS THE CAPTAIN
OF THE EQUESTRIAN CLUB
MY SEMESTER IN BARCELONA.
NOW WHO'S IMPRESSING WHO?
(horse whinnies)
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO GO OUT SOMETIME?
RIDING?
YEAH. RIDING OR...
JUST DINNER.
WIN THE MATCH,
AND IT'S YES TO BOTH.
AND IF I LOSE?
THEN WE'LL SEE.
(whinnies)
(laughs)
COME ON...
(man speaks indistinctly
over p.a.)
(man) LOOKS LIKE
YOU COULD USE A COOL DRINK.
IT MIGHT TAKE SOMETHING
A LITTLE STRONGER
THAN LEMONADE TODAY.
THANKS FOR MEETING ME, FRANK.
WHAT WERE YOU ABLE TO FIND OUT?
(indistinct conversations)
ABOUT YOUR
PRETTY LITTLE NEIGHBOR?
FILTHY RICH AND SQUEAKY CLEAN
AS FAR AS I CAN TELL.
HER DADDY
WAS A WEALTHY EXPAT.
GAVE HER ENOUGH
TO BOUNCE AROUND THE GLOBE,
COLLECTING DEGREES
AND DOING GOOD DEEDS.
NO ROMANTIC SCANDALS
OR DIVORCES?
NOTHING STATESIDE.
HUH.
THERE'S A FEW STONES
LEFT UNTURNED.
I DON'T EXPECT MUCH.
WHY ARE YOU SO INTERESTED
IN THIS GIRL ANYWAY?
BECAUSE SHE'S INTERESTED
IN MY SON.
NEED I REMIND
YOU WHAT HAPPENED
WITH THAT COCKTAIL WAITRESS
DANIEL FELL FOR LAST SUMMER?
NO. I WAS THE ONE
WHO CLEANED UP THAT MESS.
I CAN PROMISE YOU,
EMILY THORNE
IS NO COCKTAIL WAITRESS.
I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN WHAT SHE'S NOT.
I WANT TO KNOW
WHO SHE IS.
WELL, THEN PERHAPS YOU SHOULD
GO STRAIGHT TO THE SOURCE...
ASK HER YOURSELF.
(man speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
FRANK, DID YOU KNOW?
ABOUT CONRAD AND LYDIA.
I'M HEAD OF
YOUR HUSBAND'S SECURITY.
OF COURSE I KNEW.
BUT YOU KEPT IT A SECRET
FROM ME ANYWAY.
IT'S MY JOB TO KEEP SECRETS.
YOU OF ALL PEOPLE
SHOULD APPRECIATE THAT.
(man) NOW PLEASE COME BACK
FOR THE SECOND HALF
OF TODAY'S HAMPTON BAY
POLO CLUB GALA.
(speaks indistinctly)
(Conrad) GO, DANIEL!
COME ON NOW!
GRAYSON COMES
BACK DOWN THE FIELD.
(Conrad) ATTABOY, DANIEL!
THAT'S MY SON!
A SUPER-SHOT. GOAL!
YEAH! WHOO!
ALL RIGHT!
♪♪♪
WOW. THERE'S SOME REALLY NICE
DETAIL HERE, PORTER.
(inhales and exhales)
I RESTORED
EVERY INCH OF HER MYSELF.
WELL, NOW THAT I OWN HER,
YOU WANT TO TELL ME
WHY YOU NAMED HER "AMANDA"?
JUST A GIRL
I KNEW ONCE.
THAT'S IT?
THAT'S IT.
TAKE GOOD CARE OF HER, MAN.
I'D LOVE TO. JUST NEED
SOMEONE TO SHOW ME THE ROPES.
♪♪♪
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO SAIL?
I WAS THINKING WE MIGHT MAKE
ANOTHER ARRANGEMENT.
(exhales)
UNBELIEVABLE, MAN.
I'M--I'M NOT GONNA TEACH YOU
HOW TO CAPTAIN MY OWN BOAT.
OH, WELL, ACTUALLY,
I'D RATHER LEAVE
THE WHOLE CAPTAIN THING
TO YOU.
WHAT I WANT IS...
SOMEONE TO HANG OUT WITH
THIS SUMMER,
LIKE...
GILLIGAN AND THE SKIPPER,
EXCEPT THIS LITTLE BUDDY
CAN GET YOU ON
SOME KILLER GUEST LISTS.
YOU'RE SERIOUS.
WHY WOULD I WANT
TO HANG OUT WITH YOU?
'CAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE
THE "AMANDA"
ON THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN.
♪♪♪
GO SIT DOWN.
(grunts)
(motor starts)
♪♪♪
(knock on door)
(Charlotte)
HELLO. ANYONE IN THERE?
JUST A SECOND.
HEY. IT'S CHARLOTTE.
♪♪♪
DECLAN.
HEY.
EVERYBODY.
I HOPE IT'S OKAY,
I BROUGHT A FEW FRIENDS.
YEAH, I JUST--
BOAT'S NOT BIG ENOUGH?
THE BOAT'S PLENTY BIG.
I'M DECLAN.
I'M CHARLOTTE'S BOYFRIEND.
♪♪♪
WHERE ARE ALL YOUR CUSTOMERS?
SHUT DOWN EARLY.
HEALTH INSPECTOR?
INVENTORY.
♪♪♪
GREAT. THEN NO ONE
OUGHTA MISS THIS.
ADAM, PUT THAT BACK.
♪♪♪
UNLESS, UM...
YOU THINK WE CAN
GET AWAY WITH IT.
♪♪♪
YOU KIDDING? I PRACTICALLY
RUN THIS PLACE.
IT'S, UH, IT'S STILL
RUM AND DIET, RIGHT, CHARLOTTE?
(thuds)
RIGHT.
♪♪♪
(indistinct conversations)
OH, NO. NO.
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME.
(Charlotte) WHAT'S WRONG?
THE BOAT'S GONE.
(chuckles)
(cell phone beeps)
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, GONE?
LIKE STOLEN?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT SHOULD BE HERE.
(beeps)
MY BROTHER SAID HE WAS
GOING TO THE BANK.
(phone rings)
COME ON, MAN. PICK UP.
(ring)
(beep)
(snickers)
WHAT A JOKE.
UH...
WE'RE WASTING OUR TIME.
YOU COMING?
(indistinct conversations)
SORRY.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(David's voice)
"MY DEAR AMANDA,
"THE WORST BETRAYALS
ALWAYS COME
"FROM THE ONES WE TRUST
THE MOST.
"IF I'M AT ALL CULPABLE FOR
WHAT HAPPENED TO US,
IT'S BECAUSE I GAVE AWAY
MY TRUST TO EASILY."
(Bill) IT'S A GOOD AGE.
NOT A WORRY IN THE WORLD.
(David) WELL, SHE'S GROWING UP
WITHOUT A MOM. THAT'S A WORRY.
LAST I CHECKED,
YOU WERE WORKING ON A PLAN
TO CHANGE THAT
WITH VICTORIA.
(chuckles)
WHAT'S GOING ON, BILL?
I'M IN TROUBLE, DAVID.
YOU REMEMBER
THE GREENVILLE MERGER?
YEAH, YOU MADE A KILLING
ON THAT.
I HAD A MOLE
ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
(lid clatters)
MY GOD, BILL.
TELL ME YOU'RE JOKING.
I KNEW THAT MERGER
WAS COMING.
THE S.E.C.
GETS AHOLD OF THIS,
YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL,
BILL.
GRAYSON'S SECURITY SEIZED
MY DATABASE THIS MORNING.
FRANK CALLED ME.
GRAYSON WANTS TO CUT A DEAL.
WHAT KIND OF DEAL?
ANY KIND OF DEAL
HE WANTS.
GRAYSON'S HOLDING
ALL THE CARDS.
(man) YOU AND DAVID CLARKE
WORKED CLOSELY TOGETHER.
DID YOU
CONSIDER YOURSELF FRIENDS?
I THOUGHT WE WERE, YES.
AND WHEN DID THAT CHANGE?
WHEN I DISCOVERED
THAT HE HAD BEEN USING
INSIDE INFORMATION
TO MAKE ILLEGAL TRADES.
AFTER I TURNED HIM IN,
I FOUND OUT HE'D BEEN
LAUNDERING MONEY AS WELL.
AND WHAT WAS THE NAME
OF THE ORGANIZATION
YOU BELIEVE DAVID CLARKE WAS
LAUNDERING MONEY FOR?
AMERICON INITIATIVE.
THE SAME
AMERICON INITIATIVE
THAT CLAIMED
THE RESPONSIBILITY
OF BLOWING UP FLIGHT 197
LAST SUMMER?
YES.
(telephone rings)
(ring)
HELLO?
(Victoria) Is this Emily?
YES, IT IS.
EMILY,
THIS IS VICTORIA GRAYSON.
I TOOK A CHANCE AND DIALED
THE NUMBER I HAD
FOR LYDIA'S OLD LANDLINE.
I hope I haven't
disturbed you.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
I WANTED TO INVITE YOU OVER
TO THE HOUSE TOMORROW FOR TEA.
IS THAT SOMETHING YOU THINK
YOU MIGHT BE ABLE TO DO?
YES, THAT SOUNDS LOVELY.
Good.
I THINK IT'S TIME YOU AND I
GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER
A LITTLE BIT BETTER.
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.
TILL THEN.
(Bill) IF YOU INVEST
YOUR MONEY WITH GRAYSON,
YOU'RE DEFINITELY GONNA SEE
A RETURN. THAT'S A GUARANTEE.
I CAME UP THROUGH THE RANKS
THERE, SO I KNOW HOW THEY WORK.
GRAYSON'S GONE SOFT
OVER THE YEARS.
I STILL BELIEVE IN MAKING
BIG TRADES WHEN IT'S WARRANTED.
(woman) THAT'S RIGHT.
VALERIE THOMAS,
EMILY THORNE.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
SO BOTTOM LINE--
YOU'RE YOUNG,
YOU'RE SITTING ON
A HUGE PILE OF LAZY ASSETS.
NOW IS THE TIME
YOU SHOULD BE TAKING
SOME CALCULATED RISKS.
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF TAKING RISKS, MR. HARMON.
I JUST NEED TO KNOW THAT YOU'RE
NOT ROLLING THE DICE BLIND.
STILL NEED PROOF OF THAT
CRYSTAL BALL, HUH?
MM.
(beeps)
FOR YOUR EYES ONLY.
THESE ARE REAL RETURNS
OF OUR TOP-TIER INVESTORS
OF THE LAST FIVE YEARS.
NOW THAT'S DOUBLE-DIGIT GAINS
ACROSS THE BOARD.
THIS...
(beep)
COULD BE YOU.
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
CAN I GET A COPY?
(chuckles)
A GOOD MAGICIAN
NEVER REVEALS HIS SECRETS.
(beep)
WE PROVIDE THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF
CONFIDENTIALITY TO OUR CLIENTS.
IT'S VITAL TO THE HEALTH
OF THE HEDGE.
A COURTESY
YOU CAN ALSO EXPECT
SHOULD YOU DECIDE
TO COME ABOARD.
WELL...
YOU'VE GIVEN ME A LOT
TO THINK ABOUT.
MS. DAVIS.
THANKS FOR PICKING ME UP
ON THE STREET CORNER
LIKE A PROSTITUTE.
(Conrad) YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
DON'T SEND ANYONE THROUGH
FOR THE NEXT HALF-HOUR,
SHARON.
WELL, I'LL RETURN CALLS
WHEN I'M BACK AT THE OFFICE.
SO YOU DO
STILL RETURN CALLS?
(beeps)
LYDIA, I UNDERSTAND,
YOU'RE UPSET.
I'M NOT UPSET.
I'M RUINED.
WHAT'S THIS?
MICHAEL'S ATTORNEY
PRESENTED THESE TO THE JUDGE.
AND THEY TRIGGERED
THE FIDELITY CLAUSE
IN OUR PRENUP.
I GET NOTHING.
THE BEACH HOUSE,
MY JEWELRY,
THE DAMN DOG...
EVERYTHING IS GONE.
I AM SORRY, LYDIA.
REALLY, I-I AM, BUT...
WHAT CAN I DO ABOUT IT?
YOU CAN WRITE ME A CHECK.
A BIG ONE.
(elevator bell dings,
cell phone beeps)
THIS IS EMILY.
Emily, it's Karen
with Kellar House Real Estate.
I'm afraid I have
some bad news.
The beach house sold
to someone else.
WHAT?
WHO?
♪♪♪
WHERE THE HELL
YOU BEEN ALL DAY?
THERE'S A TON OF WORK
TO DO AROUND HERE.
YOU REALLY SCREWED ME,
YOU KNOW THAT?
HUH?
I PROMISED A GIRL
I'D TAKE HER SAILING.
YEAH, THAT'S WHY I ASKED
IF I COULD BORROW THE BOAT.
OKAY. WELL, I'M SORRY
I COULDN'T ACCOMMODATE
YOUR JOYRIDE.
YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO FIND
ANOTHER WAY TO IMPRESS HER.
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?
YOU AND DAD HAVE BEEN ACTING
LIKE SUCH TOOLS LATELY.
ARE YOU REALLY THAT BLIND
TO WHAT'S GOING ON?
DAD'S BROKE.
I SOLD THE BOAT
TO KEEP THIS ALBATROSS GOING.
IS THAT TRUE?
♪♪♪
CANCEL THAT TRANSACTION.
(sighs)
IT'S TOO LATE, POP.
THE BANK ALREADY APPLIED
THE SALE TO YOUR LOAN.
TH-THEN WE'LL BUY IT BACK.
WITH WHAT?
ALL OF OUR ASSETS
ARE RIGHT HERE IN THIS ROOM.
DAD, I'M TRYING TO SAVE
THIS PLACE FOR YOU.
NOBODY ASKED YOU
TO DO THAT, JACK!
♪♪♪
I'M THE CAPTAIN
OF THIS FAMILY, NOT YOU.
♪♪♪
JACK, I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
WELL...
NOW YOU DO.
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
(beeps)
(cell phone clatters)
HELLO, JACK.
I'M TRYING TO BOOK
MY NEXT SAILING EXPEDITION.
BUT YOU ARE MAKING IT
VERY DIFFICULT.
(closes door)
I TOLD YOU, IF YOU GOT IN
MY WAY, I WOULD TAKE YOU DOWN.
YOU STOLE MY HOUSE.
IF I HADN'T,
VICTORIA WOULD HAVE.
SHE OUTBID YOU WITH
A CASH OFFER THIS MORNING.
HOW COULD YOU
HAVE POSSIBLY KNOWN THAT?
'CAUSE I HACKED
THE REALTOR'S COMPUTER.
I'VE BEEN TRACKING
THE SALE ALL WEEK.
VICTORIA OUTBID YOU,
SO I OUTBID HER.
WHY IS IT SO IMPORTANT
FOR YOU TO BE A PART
OF THIS?
WHEN I MET YOUR DAD,
I'D ALREADY BEEN LAUGHED
OUT OF EVERY BOARDROOM
IN NEW YORK.
I WAS AN M.I.T. MISFIT
WITH A VISION
THAT NOBODY GOT BUT HIM.
THEONLYREASON
NOLCORP EXISTS
IS BECAUSE YOUR FATHER GAVE ME
CASH FROM HIS PERSONAL ACCOUNT
TO DEVELOP IT.
AND THAT'S BECAUSE
HE BELIEVED IN ME.
I WANT THE DEED
TO THE HOUSE.
IT'S ALREADY IN YOUR NAME.
CONSIDER IT A...
BIRTHDAY GIFT
FOR AMANDA.
TOMORROW IS THE BIG DAY,
ISN'T IT?
(Victoria) DANIEL MENTIONED
THAT YOU WERE CAPTAIN
OF AN EQUESTRIAN TEAM
IN BARCELONA.
UH, YES,
JUST FOR A SEMESTER.
OH.
WHEN WAS THAT, EXACTLY?
2005.
WHY DO YOU ASK?
I RODE STEEPLECHASE
WHEN I WAS IN BOARDING SCHOOL
AT MONTPELIER.
I'M CURIOUS
WHAT ELSE WE HAVE IN COMMON.
WHAT ARE SOME OF
YOUR OTHER INTERESTS?
HISTORY FOR ONE.
I'M PRACTICALLY OBSESSED
WITH IT. (chuckles)
FUNNY.
AT MY YACHT PARTY,
YOU WERE MORE CONCERNED
WITH CURRENT EVENTS
IT SEEMED.
ART CONSERVATION
IS ANOTHER ONE
OF MY PASSIONS.
THAT'S WHY I JOINED NEW YORK'S
LANDMARK PRESERVATION SOCIETY.
MY FATHER ALWAYS SAID
THAT OUR PAST
DEFINES WHO WE ARE.
I WOULD SAY OUR CHOICES
ARE WHAT DEFINE US.
MAYBE FOR THE LUCKY.
BUT SOMETIMES IN LIFE, WE'RE
NOT ALWAYS GIVEN A CHOICE.
(Daniel) EMILY?
HI.
HI. WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL, YOUR MOTHER
INVITED ME OVER FOR TEA.
DANIEL, FOR GOD SAKE,
PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER.
YOU'RE A SWEATY BRUTE.
(chuckles) MY APOLOGIES.
HAD I KNOWN MY MOTHER
HAD SUMMONED YOU,
I'D HAVE LOOKED
AT LEAST 50% LESS BRUTISH.
NO, IT'S FINE.
I SHOULD GET GOING,
REALLY.
I HAVE TO WORK OUT
SOME ISSUES WITH MY REALTOR.
THINGS GOT
A LITTLE AGGRESSIVE...
(cell phone beeps)
IN OUR BIDDING WAR TODAY.
OH, I'M SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
WILL YOU BE ON THE HUNT
FOR A FALLBACK RENTAL,
OR ARE YOU HEADED BACK
TO THE CITY?
ACTUALLY, AS OF THIS E-MAIL,
I'VE JUST BECOME
THE OFFICIAL NEW OWNER
OF THE BEACH HOUSE.
(laughs)
THAT'S GREAT NEWS.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU.
NOW HOW ABOUT
I MAKE GOOD ON THAT DATE
AND TAKE YOU OUT
TO CELEBRATE?
THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
HOW ABOUT TOMORROW?
YEAH, TOMORROW'S PERFECT.
I KNOW JUST THE PLACE.
COME ON. I'LL WALK YOU OUT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR TEA, MRS. GRAYSON.
I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW MUCH I'VE ENJOYED THIS.
(Emily chuckles)
OH,MAN.
I WISH I COULD'VE SEEN THE LOOK
ON VICTORIA'S FACE.
AND DON'T SAY
IT WAS PRICELESS,
BECAUSE THAT WAS BOUGHT
AND PAID FOR, BABY.
I'LL GET YOU
YOUR MONEY BACK.
NO, NO, NO, KEEP IT.
WE'LL WRITE IT OFF
AS AN INITIATION FEE
INTO OUR LITTLE CLUB.
IT'S NOT A CLUB,
NOLAN.
AND WE ARE NOT PARTNERS.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
YEAH, SURE.
CALL IT WHATEVER YOU WANT.
I'M JUST HAPPY
TO BE HERE....
COACH.
(engine revs)
BILL HARMON?
WHAT DO YOU NEED ME TO DO?
(people speaking indistinctly)
YOU JUST DID IT. NOW GO.
(chuckles)
(people continue
speaking indistinctly)
I MUST SAY,
IT WAS A NICE SURPRISE,
HEARING FROM YOU AGAIN
SO QUICKLY.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
YOU MADE A GREAT CASE.
AND YOU MADE
A GREAT DECISION.
I WILL PERSONALLY SEE TO IT
THAT YOUR PORTFOLIO
REFLECTS ALL THE EFFORT
AND WISDOM
THAT WENT INTO BUILDING
MY COMPANY.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M COUNTING ON.
WHERE YOUR MONEY IS,
MY MONEY IS.
YOU WANT TO MAKE AN ADJUSTMENT
IN HOW YOU'RE LEVERAGED,
I'LL TALK YOU THROUGH IT.
AND IF,
FOR ANY SPECIAL REASON,
YOU WANT TO GO BIG
ON A PARTICULAR STOCK,
I'LL MAKE SURE
IT'S WORTH YOUR WHILE.
ACTUALLY,
NOW THAT YOU MENTION IT,
WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME
ABOUT ALLCOM CELLULAR?
CHINESE SMART PHONE
MANUFACTURER.
NOT REALLY HUGE
IN THE GLOBAL MARKET,
BUT I WOULDN'T COUNT 'EM OUT
DOWN THE ROAD.
WHY?
I WANT TO GET IN WITH THEM,
TODAY.
ANY PARTICULAR REASON?
LITTLE BIRD MAY HAVE
WHISPERED SOMETHING.
(woman) AND FOR YOU.
THANK YOU.
(speaks indistinctly)
HERE WE GO.
I'LL WIRE THE FUNDS
THIS AFTERNOON,
AND WE CAN DEAL WITH THE WHOLE
PORTFOLIO TRANSFER NEXT WEEK.
SOUNDS GOOD.
(Jack) HEY, POP.
YOU DOING ALL RIGHT?
THE BOTTLE WAS HALF-EMPTY
WHEN I STARTED.
OKAY. WELL, I'LL BE SURE
TO MAKE NOTE OF THAT
IN THE INVENTORY.
(chuckles)
A YOUNG MAN SHOULDN'T HAVE TO
GIVE UP ON HIS DREAMS
BECAUSE HIS OLD MAN
CAN'T RUN A BUSINESS.
I HAVEN'T GIVEN UP
ON ANYTHING, DAD.
AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOUR MOTHER LEFT,
IT ALL WENT TO HELL,
DIDN'T IT?
YOU MUST BE
SO ASHAMED OF ME.
DAD, I'M NOT...
ASHAMED OF YOU.
I'M PROUD OF YOU.
YOU'VE KEPT THIS PLACE AFLOAT
AGAINST ALL ODDS.
WE'RE GONNA
MAKE IT THROUGH THIS.
WE'RE GONNA COME OUT ON TOP,
LIKE WE ALWAYS HAVE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
TOMORROW WILL BE BETTER.
YOU BET IT WILL.
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
(beeps)
HI.
I WAS JUST THINKING
ABOUT TONIGHT.
OH, YEAH?
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT SURPRISES?
TONIGHT? PRETTY GOOD.
Great,
then I won't say anymore.
(woman speaking indistinctly)
I'll pick you up at 6:00.
HOW SHOULD I DRESS?
SURPRISE ME.
(cell phone beeps)
DOES SHE SUSPECT ANYTHING?
NOT A THING.
(indistinct conversations)
(cell phone beeps)
(woman)
IN OTHER FINANCIAL NEWS,
WALL STREET IS BUZZING
WITH RUMORS
THAT ALLCOM CELLULAR
IS NOW A FRONT-RUNNER
FOR AN EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT
WITH INNOVATIVE CHIP MAKER
NOLCORP.
NOLAN ROSS,
THE NOTORIOUSLY CAGEY C.E.O...
(cell phone rings)
(beeps)
AND FOUNDER HAS PROMISED...
HELLO.
A WEBCAM ANNOUNCEMENT...
EMILY, BILL HARMON.
TO ADDRESS THOSE RUMORS...
LISTEN, THAT LITTLE BIRD
THAT WHISPERED ALLCOM...
NOW JUST MOMENTS AWAY.
IT WOULDN'T HAPPEN TO BE
THE GENTLEMAN I SAW YOU
HUGGING OUTSIDE THE CAFE
THIS MORNING?
SELF-PROCLAIMED TECH GOD
NOLAN ROSS STARTED
WHAT WOULD BECOME NOLCORP...
WELL, I'M NOT SAYING
THAT IT WAS
AND I'M NOT SAYING THAT IT
WASN'T, BUT WHAT I WILL SAY...
AFTER DROPPING OUT OF M.I.T...
IS THAT I TRUST
THAT LITTLE BIRD ENOUGH
TO DOUBLE MY POSITION.
(woman speaking indistinctly)
THAT'S ALL I NEED TO KNOW.
WE'RE GOING ALL IN
ON ALLCOM.
GET THE BIG DOGS IN IT.
YOU'RE SURE?
YEAH.
YEAH, MAKE THE TRADE.
EVERYONE IN ON ALLCOM,
PEOPLE.
BUY UP
EVERYTHING THEY'RE SELLING.
EVERYTHING, NOW.
...A FORTUNE 500 COMPANY
WITH NOLAN BEING NAMED
ONE OF THE RICHEST MEN
IN THE WORLD.
HE'S KNOWN
FOR A BRAZEN ATTITUDE
AND A TAKE-NO-PRISONERS
LEADERSHIP STYLE,
AND NOLCORP AND ROSS CONTINUE
TO PUSH THE BOUNDARIES
OF CELLULAR TECHNOLOGY.
WE TAKE YOU NOW, LIVE,
TO NOLAN ROSS
AND THAT ANNOUNCEMENT,
AS PROMISED.
LISTEN TO THIS, VALERIE.
(Nolan) GREETINGS, EARTHLINGS.
NOLAN ROSS HERE
WITH WHAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
A SURPRISE ANNOUNCEMENT
ABOUT THE FUTURE OF NOLCORP,
BUT SOMEONE SOMEWHERE
HAS A BIG MOUTH.
I CAN NOW CONFIRM
THAT THE ALLCOM RUMORS
CAME FROM
A WOEFULLY MISGUIDED EMPLOYEE.
ALLCOM IS DEAD TO ME
AND WILL NOT BE RECEIVING
THE CONTRACT.
WHAT?
NO.
INSTEAD, I'VE DECIDED TO OFFER
OUR HUMBLE SERVICES...
NO.
TO ALLCOM'S
SOON-TO-BE CHIEF COMPETITOR,
UNITECH.
WELL, THERE YOU HAVE IT.
EXPECT UNITECH
TO OPEN HUGE TOMORROW,
AND FOR THOSE OF YOU
WHO BET BIG ON ALLCOM CELLULAR,
GET READY TO COVER
SOME EQUALLY HEAVY LOSSES.
IN RELATED TECH NEWS,
THE NEXT GENERATION...
(telephone beeps)
EVERYBODY, LISTEN UP.
IF YOU VALUE YOUR JOBS,
KEEP YOUR MOUTHS SHUT.
AS FAR AS OUR INVESTORS
ARE CONCERNED,
IT'S JUST
ANOTHER SUNSHINY DAY.
WORD OF THIS LEAKS,
WE'RE FINISHED.
HELLO, THIS IS VALERIE CALLING
FROM BILL HARMON'S OFFICE.
I'M AFRAID
I'VE GOT SOME BAD NEWS
REGARDING
A MAJOR STOCK LOSS TODAY
AND ITS IMMEDIATE EFFECT
ON YOUR PORTFOLIO.
PLEASE CALL THE OFFICE
AS SOON AS YOU CAN.
(beeps)
(keypad beeps)
(Frank) I HAVE
THE INFORMATION YOU REQUESTED
ON EMILY THORNE.
WELL, WHAT IS THIS,
A BIG "I TOLD YOU SO"?
IT WAS GOING TO BE
UNTIL I PRINTED OUT A ROSTER
OF ACTIVE BOARD MEMBERS
OF THE NEW YORK LANDMARK
PRESERVATION SOCIETY.
THIS IS A ROLL CALL
FROM FEBRUARY.
AND THERE'S EMILY,
JUST LIKE SHE SAID.
AND THERE'S MICHAEL DAVIS.
LYDIA'S HUSBAND?
YOU REMEMBER THE RUMOR
THAT MICHAEL WAS SLEEPING
WITH A YOUNG LADY THIS SPRING?
HERE'S ANOTHER ROLL CALL
FROM MARCH.
NEITHER ARE PRESENT.
COINCIDENCE?
IT'S LEAKED.
ALL OUR INVESTORS
ARE PULLING OUT.
WE'RE FINISHED.
HOW DO YOU WANT TO DEAL WITH
WHAT'S HAPPENING DOWNSTAIRS?
WHO'S DOWNSTAIRS?
EVERYONE.
(The Donkeys' "I Like
the Way You Walk" playing)
TEN WELL WHISKEY,
AND THEN, UH,
WE GOT EIGHT GIN,
12 RUM.
(knock on door)
WE'RE CLOSED.
IT'S NOLAN!
(groans)
♪ YOU CANNOT DRIVE ♪
OH, THANKS.
♪ A SHIFTER ♪
WHAT'S UP, NOLAN?
WHAT'S UP IS,
YOU NEVER RETURN MY CALLS.
♪♪♪
I'VE BEEN A LITTLE BUSY.
(scoffs)
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE IT.
AH, HEY, SPORT.
♪♪♪
YOU'RE THE GUY
WHO BOUGHT THE BOAT.
PROUD NEW PAPA.
YOU KNOW
HE ONLY SOLD IT TO YOU
TO PAY OFF THE LIEN
ON MY DAD'S BAR?
NO. I DID NOT KNOW THAT.
YEAH.
SO YOU BEING AROUND RIGHT NOW
PROBABLY ISN'T
THE BEST THING FOR HIM.
I GET THAT A LOT.
STILL CLOSED, NOLAN.
YEAH, I KNOW.
HEY, SO...
WHAT'S SAY YOU AND I HIT UP
A LITTLE PARTY
I CAUGHT WIND OF TONIGHT?
I'M SORRY, GILLIGAN.
W-WE'RE DONE HANGING OUT.
WELL, WHAT IF I SAID
I'D GIVE YOU YOUR BOAT BACK
AT THE END OF THE SEASON?
WHAT'S HE TALKING ABOUT?
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
YOU'RE--YOU'RE SAYING THAT IF
I PRETEND TO BE YOUR FRIEND,
YOU'LL GIVE ME MY BOAT BACK,
FREE AND CLEAR?
WELL, SEE, IT'D BE BETTER
IF YOU DIDN'T...
HAVE TO PRETEND, BUT, UH,
THAT'S THE GIST,
UM, PLUS,
ALL THE COOL PARTIES.
OH, HE'S IN.
DEC--
WHAT? THAT'S A HELL
OF A DEAL.
COME ON, AND IF ANYONE COULD USE
A NIGHT OFF, IT'S YOU.
I GOT IT HANDLED HERE.
(sighs)
HE'S GOT IT HANDLED.
YEAH.
♪ ...THAT ROAD ♪
(Declan) GO.
♪ WITH YOU I'M ALWAYS HOME ♪
♪ OH, OH, OH ♪
(chuckles)
(door opens)
HOW COME WE NEVER
GO TO YOUR HOUSE?
ADAM, STOP.
YOU'RE ALL STICKY AND SANDY.
SO LET'S GO RINSE OFF.
(sighs) WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
ON A BREAK, REMEMBER?
AND WHOSE BAD IDEA
WAS THAT?
(Victoria) CHARLOTTE,
IS THAT YOU?
(lowered voice) ADAM, GO.
GO.
PLEASE GO.
OKAY. OKAY.
WHAT IS IT, MOM?
(cell phone beeps)
(clicks keypad keys)
(cell phone chimes)
OOH.
(Daniel) I HOPE MY MOTHER
WASN'T TOO HARD ON YOU
THE OTHER DAY.
I DON'T SCARE
TOO EASILY.
DOES SHE INTERROGATE
ALL OF YOUR DATES?
YEAH.
MY MOM'S NOT REALLY
A HANDS-OFF KIND OF PERSON.
WELL, AT LEAST SHE GOT RID
OF HER LIE DETECTOR.
KIDDING.
SHE'LL NEVER GET RID
OF THAT THING.
(laughs) HOPE YOU'RE
NOT PLANNING
ON BECOMING A COMEDIAN.
MAYBE IN MY NEXT LIFE.
(laughs)
MY FUTURE IS PRETTY WELL
MAPPED OUT THIS TIME AROUND.
(sighs)
ONE MORE YEAR
AT HARVARD BUSINESS,
THEN IT'S STRAIGHT
TO THE BOARDROOM.
WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED
IF MY DAD
ALREADY HAS AN OFFICE
PICKED OUT FOR ME.
MM. THAT SOUNDS...
I KNOW HOW IT SOUNDS.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PARENTS?
MOM, UM...
CARING, SMART,
AND MY DAD,
JUST VERY... SPECIAL.
LOVELY PEOPLE.
SO I SHOULDN'T EXPECT
AN INTERROGATION?
THEY PASSED AWAY
WHEN I WAS A KID.
CAR CRASH.
I'M SO SORRY.
DO YOU HAVE
ANY BROTHERS OR SISTERS?
JUST ME.
WELL, YOU AND THAT
BEAUTIFUL BEACH HOUSE.
(chuckles)
MAYBE YOU CAN SET DOWN
SOME ROOTS OF YOUR OWN NOW.
YEAH, MAYBE.
WANT TO COME BY
FOR THE TOUR?
I'M READY WHEN YOU ARE.
SO HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO KNOW YOU'LL BE
SPENDING THE NIGHT
IN YOUR OWN HOME?
IT'S KIND OF HARD
TO DESCRIBE, ACTUALLY.
(sighs)
I HAD A REALLY GOOD TIME
TONIGHT.
ME, TOO.
(dog whines)
(Jack) SAM.
SAMMY.
NO, NO, NO. NO, NO.
COME ON.
SORRY.
WE EARLY
OR ARE WE LATE?
(door opens)
(guests) SURPRISE!
(laughter,
indistinct conversations)
WELCOME TO THE HAMPTONS,
EMILY.
WE'RE HERE TO CELEBRATE
WITH YOU.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
♪♪♪
(Ashley) I'M SO SORRY, EMS.
"HOW TO RUIN
A PERFECT FIRST DATE,"
BY ASHLEY DAVENPORT.
NO, NO, THIS IS GREAT.
IT'S JUST, I'M NOT BIG
ON SURPRISES.
LESSON LEARNED.
WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T TAKE IT OUT ON DANIEL.
I PRACTICALLY HAD TO FORCE HIM
INTO DOING THIS.
(chuckles)
SPEAKING OF SURPRISES,
I AM PRETTY SURE
THAT DOG
WAS NOT ON THE GUEST LIST.
OH, NO, NO.
SAMMY.
AND NEITHER IS THE HOTTIE
THAT HE CAME WITH.
MM.
(indistinct conversations)
SURPRISE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING,
BRINGING JACK HERE?
(Ashley) COME ON OUTSIDE.
NOW.
JACK AND I ARE FRIENDS.
YOU DON'T HAVE FRIENDS.
NEITHER ONE OF US CAN
AFFORD THEM. YOU KNOW THAT.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
YOU BETRAYED ME.
I THOUGHT WE HAD
AN UNDERSTANDING.
OH, SO DID I.
I KNOW IT WAS YOU
WHO WENT TO THE PRESS.
I JUST CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHY
YOU'D LEAK THE WRONG INFO
WHEN YOU HAD ACCESS
TO THE NOLCORP MEMOS.
YOU KNEW I WAS GOING
WITH UNITECH.
(laughs) YES,
BUT BILL HARMON DIDN'T.
HE BET BIG ON ALLCOM.
$2 BILLION
OF HIS FUNDS' ASSETS
DOWN THE DRAIN.
(beeps)
(man) AFTER
A FINANCIALLY FATAL MOVE
IN THE MARKET TODAY,
HARMON INVESTMENTS FOUNDER
BILL HARMON
WAS SWARMED BY A MOB
OF ANGRY INVESTORS
OUTSIDE OF HIS OFFICE...
(mouths words)
THIS EVENING.
WE EXPECT THE IMMINENT COLLAPSE
OF HARMON INVESTMENTS
AND MAJOR PERSONAL LOSSES
FOR HAR--
(beep)
HE'S RUINED.
♪♪♪
(guests laugh)
(man) OKAY, OKAY.
( The Raveonettes)
♪ WALKING HOME ♪
♪ HUSH, HUSH, GIRL ♪
♪ WON'T BELIEVE YOU ♪
♪ TODAY ♪
(knock on door)
♪♪♪
RIGHT THERE.
♪ AND IF YOU AND ME ♪
HEY.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU GUYS?
YOU CAN STAY AWAY
FROM CHARLOTTE FOR STARTERS.
COME ON!
♪♪♪
(woman) ♪ I FEEL A LITTLE BIT
MORE COMFORTABLE ♪
♪ AS LONG AS I WAKE UP
NEXT TO YOU ♪
♪ DON'T CARE WHERE WE GO
OR WHAT WE DO ♪
♪ EVEN IF YOU'RE... ♪
(Jack) EMILY THORNE.
(chuckles) I SWEAR TO GOD,
I'M NOT STALKING YOU.
THOUGH I'M NOT SURE THE SAME
COULD BE SAID FOR MY DOG.
(chuckles)
CONGRATULATIONS ON THE...
ON THE HOUSE.
THANK YOU.
I HOPE YOU'RE NOT PLANNING ON
TEARING IT DOWN
AND BUILDING YOURSELF
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
OH, NO.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
THIS... THIS HOUSE STAYS
EXACTLY THE SAME.
GOOD.
IT'S NICE TO KNOW THERE'S
SOMEBODY ELSE OUT THERE
WITH AN APPRECIATION
FOR--FOR HISTORY.
THIS PLACE
SURE HAS A LOT OF IT.
ANYWAY, UM...
I'LL LET YOU GET BACK
TO YOUR PARTY.
IF YOU SEE NOLAN,
JUST LET HIM KNOW
I SPLIT.
YEAH, NO PROBLEM.
IT'S NICE TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
SAMMY.
(snaps fingers)
(Sammy whines)
(punch thuds, grunts)
(grunts and coughs)
(thuds)
OHH!
NOW WHO ARE YOU
GONNA STAY AWAY FROM?
I-I CAN'T...
(pants)
WHAT'S THAT?
I CAN'T HEAR YOU?
(grunts)
YOUR MOTHER.
YOU'RE A DEAD MAN.
HEY!
GET OUTTA HERE.
COME ON. LET'S GET OUTTA HERE.
GO! GO! GO!
STAY ON YOUR OWN SIDE
OF THE ECONOMY,
YOU LITTLE DOCK RAT.
HEY! GET AWAY FROM HIM!
HEY, DEC.
DEC, WHO ARE THOSE GUYS?
NO ONE.
LET ME HELP YOU UP.
YOU'RE DRUNK.
OH, AND YOU'RE BEAT TO HELL.
BUT THEY'LL GET
WHAT'S COMIN' TO THEM.
YEAH, I KNOW.
YEAH, THEY'LL GET GIRLS
AND THEY'LL GET CARS,
THEY'LL GET MORE MONEY
THAN THEY CAN SPEND.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M GONNA GET?
CRAP.
'CAUSE I'M A LOSER, DAD,
JUST LIKE YOU.
(grunts)
(The Raveonettes)
♪ BUT I'M SURE YOU CAN ♪
DECLAN, LISTEN...
♪ WARM SUMMER'S NIGHT ♪
(bat clunks)
♪ RED TAN ♪
(grunts)
(groans)
(thuds)
Victoria, It's Frank.
I found an anomaly
in Emily Thorne's public record.
WHAT KIND OF ANOMALY?
From ages 16 to 18,
it's like she didn't exist.
Every piece of information
you'd expect to find on her
was sealed by the court.
I WANT YOU
TO START FOLLOWING HER.
I WANT TO KNOW
EVERYWHERE SHE GOES.
I WANT TO KNOW EVERYONE
SHE SEES.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT HERE.
I CAN FEEL IT.
(woman) BYE, EMILY.
BYE.
(Daniel)
"WHERE WE LOVE IS HOME--
HOME THAT OUR FEET MAY LEAVE,
BUT NOT OUR HEARTS."
OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES.
MAYBE I SHOULD'VE BEEN
A POET.
WELL,
MAYBE YOU STILL CAN BE.
(Agnes Obel's "Avenue" playing)
♪ WHAT IS WRONG
AT THE END OF THE DAY? ♪
GOOD NIGHT.
♪ WHAT IS REALLY WRONG ♪
♪ NO ONE DARES TO SAY ♪
♪ YOU KNOW YOU'RE WRONG ♪
♪ WHEN THERE'S ONLY ONE RIGHT ♪
♪ WHAT IS WRONG WHEN RIGHT ♪
♪ IS OUT OF SIGHT? ♪
♪ RIGHT RODE AWAY LONG AGO ♪
♪ BEFORE RESCUING ♪
(Emily)
TRUST IS A DIFFICULT THING,
WHETHER IT'S FINDING
THE RIGHT PEOPLE TO TRUST...
OR TRUSTING THE RIGHT PEOPLE
WILL DO THE WRONG THING.
♪ I KNOW WE NEED TO BE
SOMEWHAT FOOLISH ♪
(clicking keyboard keys)
♪ FEEBLEMINDED ♪
♪ AND ♪
♪ WRONG AND SENSELESS ♪
(printer whirs)
♪ RIGHT RODE OFF LONG AGO ♪
♪ THERE'S NOTHING MORE
YOU NEED TO KNOW ♪
YOU NEED TO SHOW ♪
♪ LET'S ♪
♪ DISAGREE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE WRONG WAS MADE
FOR YOU TO BE ♪
♪♪♪
DAD!
OH, GOD.
NO, NO.
NO, NO, DAD.
OH, GOD. NO, NO.
NO, NO.
DECLAN!
♪♪♪
JACK, WHAT DO I DO?
CALL 9-1-1.
OKAY.
GO!
(Declan) WE NEED HELP.
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW.
HE'S NOT BREATHING.
♪ WHAT IS WRONG
IN THIS OLD WASTED GAME? ♪
♪ MAY RIGHT OR WRONG BE ONE... ♪
BUT TRUSTING YOUR HEART...
♪ AND THE SAME? ♪
IS THE RISKIEST THING OF ALL.
♪ ...LONG AGO ♪
♪ BEFORE RESCUING WRONG
FROM BELOW ♪
(David whispers) HEY.
(woman) HI.
MWAH.
I ONLY HAVE A FEW MINUTES.
(normal voice)
BILL HARMON KNOWS ABOUT US.
I THINK
HE'S GONNA TELL CONRAD.
I-I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
I TRUSTED THE WRONG PERSON.
(Sammy barks)
♪ FEEBLEMINDED ♪
IN THE END,
THE ONLY PERSON
WE CAN TRULY TRUST
IS OURSELF.
♪ RIGHT RODE OFF LONG AGO,
THERE'S NOTHING MORE... ♪
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, AMANDA.
♪ THERE'S NOTHING MORE
YOU NEED TO SHOW ♪
♪ LET'S ♪
(blows air)
♪ DISAGREE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE WRONG WAS MADE
FOR YOU TO BE ♪